P27: Zoom Meeting
P27: zoom us has new window.
Moderator: Interesting.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So I I started recording, I'd just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P27: Yes.
Moderator: And is it okay with you? If we decided to use a recorded clip from our session today removing any identifying information.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much.
Moderator: So before we go to that form, I just have a few questions about your veteran caregiver application experience. So have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P27: No.
Moderator: Okay. Have you heard of that program before.
P27: Oh yes!
Moderator: Okay. What do you know about it?
P27: Well, when it initially came out that it was post 9, 11 guys.
P27: And then it was followed through by the 1975. And prior.
P27: and that's when everything blew up and went extremely broken.
P27: And that's when I threw everybody out, and I am a board Officer National Board officer for the Blinded Veterans Association.
P27: and I have presented to Congress personally on the issues that affect it, and
P27: how they did not have
P27: adls
P27: for blind people.
P27: They had adls, so that if you could
P27: feed yourself
P27: or not feed yourself, you would qualify, and everything. If you could not put your shoes on, you would qualify. And things like that, those types of Adls, the problem being that blind folks can feed themselves. They just can't see
P27: if the food they're trying to eat is cooked.
P27: They can't see if they're putting on shoes of the same color. They can't, you know they can't. I cut myself quite often. I can't tell that I'm bleeding because I don't see it.
P27: I don't feel it sometimes. And things like that. So we did go to Congress.
P27: we got with the Va. And we presented Adls. And currently
P27: awaiting signature at this point in time
P27: is the new
P27: newly revised program, and for the blind, it will have the
P27: Adls, the standards being less than a 5 degree field of view.
P27: worse than 5, 200 vision acuity
P27: to qualify for the blind.
P27: so that way there we can get that going. And just for an fyi on your end
P27: we did along with, I think it's 15 or 16 other veteran service organizations. Send a letter to President Biden
P27: saying, Okay, all this is in place. It's only awaiting your signature.
P27: What's what's hold? What's the holdup? Why are we not getting this done? We have. We have people that are certainly
P27: could benefit from this program.
P27: so
P27: may may have given you more than you might have known right there.
Moderator: That's really helpful. Thank you. I appreciate you sharing that. And I'm sorry that
Moderator: that sounds extremely frustrating.
P27: Yeah, yeah, it's a
P27: certainly not your fault, like, I say, it's just, you know.
P27: we'll just put out a
P27: a program that was
P27: well intended, but poorly implemented.
Moderator: Gotcha.
Moderator: Okay? Boom.
P27: I'm gonna do one thing real quick before we go any further.
Moderator: Sure. Go ahead!
P27: I know turn on, do not disturb.
P27: Okay. I turned it up.
P27: Now you'll find Ann.
P27: because I know I'm gonna have about a thousand phone calls here in a little while focus do not disturb on. So, okay.
Moderator: hmm!
Moderator: Sorry. One of my observers seems like he can't hear.
Moderator: I apologize if they have to leave and come back. I know you're screaming.
P27: That.
Moderator: So have you ever interacted with the Va. For other family member benefits.
P27: no, simply because my wife is also a veteran
P27: and
P27: trying to think the only thing I did was on my benefits was to make sure that I was
P27: identified as married versus single
P27: And that's really about it, because she's again. She's a veteran, so she's authorized, entitled to her own benefits and everything. So that's a little tough. But I do help veterans try to do that
P27: because I am a veteran service officer. So I'm working with veterans all time trying to get them their benefits and get those things going.
P27: I do know that with 8 attendance and the Pcafc.
P27: All of those issues there.
P27: They seem to be going through Vha
P27: versus the Vba.
P27: And unless you have a very tight, close
P27: relationship with the people on the Vha. Side of the house.
P27: They won't even talk to us.
P27: Okay, they'll simply tell you point blank. You were with veterans, benefits
P27: your veteran, all veteran service offices of veterans, health.
P27: and we have literally helped veterans fill out, for example, their aid attendance
P27: sheet.
P27: you know, download it, fill it out and everything. They bring it over there, and they literally have furnace and trash and pulled out the exact same form and filled it out exactly the same.
P27: So there's a disparity between
P27: the Vha and Vba as far as who can do what and how they want to help and assist. So there are those roadblocks there, and a lot of it has to revolve around hipaa.
P27: and the misinterpretation and understanding of what hipaa is and what it does, and why it does what it does
P27: the Vha will. Typically.
P27: if you say anything other than you know.
P27: the sky is blue, everything else is a hipaa violation in some cases, and it's really bad. I mean to the point. They weren't even acknowledging
P27: and acknowledge
P27: that they work in the Va health care system, you know. It. It truly can get that bad with some individuals. That's how
P27: how bad they've been beating. Been beaten over the head with this hipaa stuff.
P27: and again it has its place
P27: discussing with Vha that I'm sending a veteran over for aid and attendance, and he has this form, and we filled it out, etc, etc. That is not a hipaa violation.
P27: so there is that issue there again. That doesn't really affect
P27: this specific thing we're doing today. But that is some something that does have.
P27: It is an issue. So.
Moderator: Yeah, thank you. I'm gonna let our one person back in.
P27: He has joined the meeting. Sure.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright. Well, thank you so much for that. Could you explain to me in your own words what it means to you to have a caregiver.
P27: Yeah, my wife is my caregiver.
P27: I will tell you that. She's the one that make sure that my pill boxes are filled correctly
P27: that I'm dressed
P27: correctly. I mean, I walk around unbutton shirt button wrong things like that. I
P27: I have. My color vision is absolutely horrible, so I may mix and match things. She she makes sure like when I'm cooking, cause I do most of the cooking in my house. But she will come up, and I will have to, you know, when, if I'm cooking something. Okay.
P27: check with their honor. But sometimes you gotta see, you know, is this piece of steak done medium rare, so she'll have to come and check that kind of stuff
P27: like. I say, the pillbox is the biggest thing she just told me a little while ago you missed a pill must have fell out of my hand, or whatever I don't know which pill it is. How important it is. So you know, that's what I really try for, and I make sure that when I'm doing my pills I don't do them over the sink. I do them over the counter. Here, put them in my hand, make sure that I have them in my hand, and if I do drop them. If I don't hear it.
P27: It's there where she can see it. And say, you you missed this pill here, you know.
P27: Just things like that sighted guide all sorts of stuff, I mean, it's just immense. I would be totally lost without her. And she just left here a little while ago, going to Texas, and
P27: you know, prior to her leaving, she just
P27: made sure that the meals that I wanted to cook while she's gone are there in the sink defrosting. So I know what I'm gonna have. I have my menus planned out while she's gone.
P27: and that kind of thing, because otherwise I don't know what I'm grabbing. Sometimes there's the certain devices that will help, and I'm starting to use more and more of them as they become more and more available and.
Gaspare C: Move forward!
P27: But that's.
Gaspare C: Kind of.
P27: That
P27: she will
P27: as a caregiver, provide for me.
Moderator: Thank you so much. Gaspar, can you hear.
Gaspare C: Yes. Can you hear me? Okay.
Gaspare C: Yep, thank you guys for your patience.
Moderator: Thank you.
Moderator: Alright.
Moderator: so how do you like to learn about these kind of benefits like the caregiver program that your family members may qualify. For what kind of sources do you use.
P27: I'm gonna screw this up.
P27: There's a Va email. I get the Va
P27: emails that come out. I'm gonna say, weekly. And that's 1 of the largest sources that I get, because it has a synopsis of multiple things that happen every week.
P27: In turn. The Bva takes items of significance like this.
P27: and we put it in our weekly Bva happenings to get it out that way. There.
P27: Sometimes sometimes it's missed, and I hear about it because I volunteer at the Va. At the blind rehab center, and I hear about it that way sometimes it's other veterans coming up and saying, What about this, and then actually going out and researching it to find it that way.
P27: that's typically how I hear about it different things like that in in that order right there.
P27: Oh.
P27: and everything.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. If you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we're gonna go through today. What information do you think you would want to know before going ahead and completing that.
P27: Well, of course. Yeah, I'm I'm speaking to you from a Vso point of view, along with a personal point of view.
P27: The personal information
P27: name address, phone number, contact information
P27: benefits rating
P27: where they're at currently
P27: and
P27: a a breakdown
P27: or a
P27: link
P27: to an easy to read
P27: it
P27: easy to follow list of Adls
P27: what they are and how they would apply. Okay, if you don't meet these requirements.
P27: then you wouldn't be qualified.
P27: and I'll give you a good example
P27: on this is when it when this program very 1st came out, way back for the post 9 11.
P27: Unfortunately, I sadly talk to people that literally were getting it for Tinnitus.
P27: Are you kidding me.
P27: you know, but they were getting it, and that's where the system was truly broken. That was the implement implementation process. So it has to really have a clarity on the Adls, and possibly even breaking down to
P27: what they are and and where it would be identified, for example.
P27: in the
P27: for blindness, for visual acuity, or
P27: from
P27: field of view.
P27: Where you know a doctor's exam stating, you know, it would have to be there. You just can't say I've got a 5 degree field of view. It's got to be notated there and have people understand that that's where it's at and everything. And then you'd be filing. And these are the Adl's. And
P27: that's that's what's going on there. So I think that would be
P27: really critical to have that full understanding beforehand.
P27: And the next most critical thing that has to be in there.
P27: And this is where where the system is broken. Okay?
P27: And I don't know if this portion has been fixed.
P27: but because it is a Vha program
P27: with the Vh.
P27: with the Vba, okay, I'm a Vso.
P27: You're a veteran. Okay? You come to me. I help you file the claim. The claim gets denied. Okay, I file. The appeal.
P27: Okay, the appeal gets denied. Go to a higher level review court of veterans appeals, and we really push it way up there. And this can sometimes take years upon years
P27: to get your claim done. Okay, and get you awarded the benefits, and you'd be back paid to the original date from the
P27: initial claim. Okay? But there's multiple levels to appeal it and provide new evidence and things like that.
P27: With the Vha side of the house.
P27: I submitted. The Vha.
P27: The Vha. Denies it.
P27: I appeal it. They deny it again.
P27: Bang! Done over can never be submitted again.
P27: Okay.
P27: that's a problem we've run into. So we're forced to. Truly, honestly tell folks don't file for this, because if it gets denied because the rules are so broken right now
P27: you would only get one appeal, and if that gets denied, you can't put in for it again again. That's a Vha
P27: side of the house. That needs to really be put in
P27: clarity as far as
P27: what the appeals process is, and how many times and everything. Because, again, if you go in there with the understanding that the Vba rules apply. It's all the veterans administration, but it it's
P27: you know.
P27: it's just not the same, you know. It's a it's it's giraffe and a dog, basically, because the rules that apply here and do afford you the opportunities do not apply here. Here. It's a 1 time, you know, one appeal and done so.
P27: and then the other thing is to
P27: really identify the difference between this and aid and attendance, because there is a difference between aid attendance and the Pcafc, which is both administered by the Vha.
Moderator: you understand a lot of the inner workings. But the average person does not.
P27: That's it, they really don't. And it truly, if they try to. And this is a part of the problem.
P27: because it is that intricate.
P27: The average person
P27: files for it themselves. Okay?
P27: And as a Vso. I always tell people do not ever file your claim because you will screw it up because you filed one claim.
P27: We file thousands of them. So we know all the tricks and tips and everything else. We don't get paid. It's illegal. It's a service we provide. Let us handle it for you, and we handle it, and we get it done. We can't do that with this.
P27: because the Vha says they're not going to talk to us. They're only going to speak with the veteran. So the veteran's left hanging
P27: with the Vha gorilla that knows the whole program and everything.
P27: And and you know the veteran that doesn't know the ins and outs and tricks and everything, and what Adls are, and what what the differences are, and how to appeal it, and how many times you can. They don't know that. So you know, if the Vha says you're denied.
P27: But you can appeal. Here's the appeal, and you don't do anything different, because you don't know what, why it was denied, or whatever you submit again. Okay, still denied back. And you're done.
P27: What service have you just provided to that veteran?
P27: And they they have nobody that they can go to for representation, because the Vha. Won't talk to anybody except the veteran.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P27: And again, that's that's really not. I don't think part of your issue here, but that's part of the problem and the frustration that people run into.
Moderator: Yeah, absolutely. That's really helpful to hear. I appreciate the feedback
Moderator: alright. So I'm gonna share the link to the testing site in the zoom chat.
P27: Moderator to everyone. Https Colon slash slash staging.ba.gov slash family and caregiver benefits health and disability, comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of.
P27: I'm just muting that you gotta show me where to get the link at.
Moderator: Okay? So it's in the zoom chat.
P27: In the zoom chat that's down here in the bottom.
Moderator: That should be in the toolbar on the bottom.
P27: Participants. Open chat, react open chat, self menu.
P27: That's the chat
P27: menu window system. Dialog menu show chat previews.
P27: moderator, computer audio zoom, moderate Zoom Meeting, moderator, computer audio, unmuted zoom, floating video window system, dialog.
P27: Okay? I
P27: you got that show chat.
P27: open chat panel, one new message.
Moderator: There we go!
P27: Moderator, computer audio and open chat panel. One new message, message 2024, 10 health enrollment team, moderator, computer audio unmuted.
P27: Okay? And there's the link
P27: 9, moderator, computer, audio, unmuted
P27: moderator.
P27: agent, safari web content
P27: show, sidebar loading, application, display, brightness, 63, 56, 50, 44, 38, 31%, 25%
P27: apply apply for the program of comprehensive. Okay.
Moderator: Yep, that's it.
Moderator: So I want you to try to share your screen with me in zoom.
P27: Okay, you gotta go back. Yeah, I can do that. Let me know what
P27: before I hit this button. Just let me let you know I did up up upgrade to Sequoia.
P27: I may have to. We may have to disconnect this and go back into all this because the settings I don't know what they may have changed so.
Moderator: No problem if you need to leave and rejoin.
P27: Yeah.
P27: Zoom meet. User. Note applicant, applicant, zoom meet modern in desktop one. Their entire screen
P27: safari, caregiver application for benefits. Verdict desktop one. Their entire messages. Math, application, window, desktop, one share, entire screen.
P27: zoom, message, 2,000 meeting chat. Apply for not Moderator Link, moderator, Link.
P27: Are we sharing now.
Moderator: Yep, I can see it.
P27: Cool. All right, let me get this out of the way. Here.
P27: close meeting clothes
P27: mute, my audio mute, my audio. Zoom alert system. Zoom us is requesting to bypass the system, private window picker, and directly access your screen and audio.
P27: which color allow for one month
P27: open system settings. Allow for one month. Breadcrumb.
P27: Okay?
Moderator: Okay, great. So I want you to review this page here, and then I want your initial thoughts and expectations of the form before going forward and applying.
P27: Okay, I'm going to try first, st
P27: just for your own knowledge, with Quicknav.
P27: which I highly suspect will not work, and then I will have to
P27: start tabbing through it.
P27: Click that on audio sub menu, stop video, video sub particip participant, chat, chat, submit, share, pause, and show meeting more, more, more
P27: more.
P27: Show me the remote control. Apply for the program of safari, caregiver application for the apply for the program of Maine.
P27: End of breadcrumb end of list
P27: end of breadcrumb navigation main
P27: apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P27: Application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Va. Use this form. Application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Va. Form 10 negative 10 cg.
P27: Use this form to apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Veterans can also use this application to add or change caregivers after they apply.
P27: Start your application. Link.
P27: Follow these steps to get started.
P27: List. 3 items.
P27: 1 1 of 3.
P27: Check your eligibility.
P27: check our eligibility requirements before you apply.
P27: Find out if you're eligible for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Ling.
P27: 2, 2 of 3.
P27: Gather your information.
P27: You will need this information for the veteran and each family caregiver
P27: list, 2 items level, 2
P27: bullet, social security number or tax identification number one of 2,
P27: pull a date of birth address and phone number 2 of 2 end of list. You will also need to share the Va Medical Center, where the veteran receives care or plans to receive care.
P27: And if you're a representative signing this application on behalf the veteran. You will need to submit a document showing you have legal authority to make decisions for the veteran like a valid power of attorney, legal guardianship, order or other legal document, or you will need to upload a document showing you have authority to fill out and sign applications on behalf of the veteran.
P27: Learn more about the documents. You can submit. Link.
P27: Okay, I don't wanna go to that link. But I do want to bring up. I gotta fix this curtain first, st because this song is really beat me bad today.
Moderator: Overall.
P27: So here's part of the issue that we've run into
P27: is a Vba 2122 power of attorney.
P27: Now you would think that because it's a
P27: a Vba form that would be acceptable.
P27: And it's not
P27: come on.
P27: It's not. They will not accept a
P27: Vba. 2122 power of attorney
P27: from the veterans benefits administration, because we've tried that in the past.
P27: and they have said, That's not a good power of attorney.
Moderator: Gotcha.
P27: You know. So it's kind of like, okay.
P27: veterans get frustrated and annoyed because they're working with a veteran service officer. I already gave the Va. Power of attorney, the Bva. Power of attorney to represent me, and everything that's not true, because you only did that for the Vba.
P27: not for vha.
P27: so this is that you know, oil and water thing here, that where it's
P27: they don't mix. And that's that's a problem. And this is one of the biggest areas right there that frustrates veterans
P27: and us veteran service officers. It really frustrates us because it's.
P27: you know, if it's a if it's a 10 dash, form, or whatever.
P27: no joy
P27: so.
Moderator: Thank you. That's helpful.
P27: Yeah, what if I have questions or need help with this application?
P27: If you have questions or need help, here's what you can do. List. 3 items. Level 2
P27: bullet called the caregiver support line at one of 38552603274 Ling
P27: left parenthesis.
P27: Tdy set and ask for help filling out the form.
P27: Will it find a caregiver support team coordinator at your nearest Va. Health facility? 2 of 3 go to our caregiver support program teams directory link. Will it get help from an accredited representative like a veteran service organization? Vso. 3 of 3.
P27: See it says it here.
P27: If they come to us they won't talk to us.
P27: Been there done that.
P27: Yeah, at least here in Biloxi. Now I will tell you across the Va. Maybe there are other vas that will help, but I have not heard of them yet.
P27: Okay, learn more about getting help from an accredited representative. Link end of list. What's a caregiver support team?
P27: 3 3 of 3.
P27: Start your application.
P27: and the only thing I would.
P27: and I don't know how to. I don't even know what advice I would give you.
P27: but you know, with the budgeting and everything and all that as people are leaving, they're not filling those positions.
P27: So the frustration level
P27: of veterans
P27: trying to find something to help do. This is
P27: going to be a lot higher, too.
P27: We'll take you through each step of the process. If the veteran is already enrolled in this program and wants to add a new family caregiver, the veteran, and the new caregiver can use this application.
P27: No, there can only be one primary, and up to 2 secondary family caregivers at any one time.
P27: End of list.
P27: Start your application. Let respondent burden 15 min.
P27: Omb. Control number 2, 9, 0 0 7, 6, 8,
P27: expiration date 0, 4, slash, 30, slash 2024. View privacy act statement need help.
P27: If you have trouble using this online application call our my 411 main information line app.
P27: 806, 9, 8, 2, 4, 1, 1 link left. Parenthesis. Tdy set full stop. We're here. You can call the Va. Caregiver support line at
P27: (855) 260-3274 ling left. Parenthesis.
P27: Tdy. 7, 1, 1 full stop, or you can contact a caregiver support program team, go to our caregiver support program teams direct. You can call the Enrollment and Eligibility division of the Health Eligibility center at
P27: (855) 488-8440 linked
P27: left. Parenthesis. Tdy. 7, 1 1 common Monday through Friday, 8 0 0 am. To 8 0 0. Give feedback
P27: end of main content. Information.
P27: End of name.
P27: with the phone numbers
P27: again. I know this is not part of you with the form here, but it's it's a pain in the butt, because
P27: the primary phone number for contacting the Va is 808-27-1000.
P27: And that's where
P27: most of the time they're being directed. So
P27: yeah, I don't know if there's a good answer for that.
P27: I don't know.
P27: So, anyway. But yeah, this this was clear. I of course I didn't hit any links.
P27: but the way I typically do things like this, I read the whole thing just like this until I have it ingrained in my brain
P27: several times, you know, helping people
P27: and that's part of my mentality, just knowing to read the whole thing first, st and then
P27: follow through
P27: so.
Moderator: Okay, did anything stand out to you as being particularly confusing or helpful.
P27: Helpful? Yeah, you had the links there which was perfect. I I like how you did that. Having the links.
P27: for example, the eligibility link. Okay, instead of spelling it all here. Okay?
P27: Because what I would do
P27: for me
P27: is I would go to the eligibility link. I'd read through the eligibility. Am I even eligible? Okay, if I'm eligible, then I would go back, and I don't have to read through all that every time I go through this list. I just know there and then I can hit the link, and you know, expand on it there 25 pages, if need be, and come back here, and it's not in the middle of the meat and potatoes here. So I really like how you got the link set up there.
P27: I think that'll be a good good call again, and not having gone into them right now. I think that works out very well. This is, you know this is not a killer in length and and everything. It's a it's a relatively easy page here, you know.
Moderator: If you were to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best. How prepared and informed. Do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on the page's content?
P27: I'd say 5.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: I say 4, simply because I'm blind as a pain in the butt. But this is actually one really good. This is, this is really good.
P27: I think it was really clearly well done.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. So I'm gonna have you start the application now as if you were applying.
P27: Okay.
P27: Hello, great one. You are looking good today. It's end of list.
P27: So you see how it just said, Hello, great one! You're looking good today.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: That's a Sequoia issue.
Moderator: Oh, interesting!
P27: So when I when I actually was navigating back up quick nav, and I just held the button down to go all the way back to the top it went spastic.
Moderator: Okay. Gotcha.
P27: And and again, that's not a form issue. That's not a problem with this form. That's a sequoia issue. So when you hear these things from people. It just
P27: kind of keep that one in the back of your brain. There.
Moderator: Yeah, thank, you.
P27: Application.
P27: Okay? 3.
P27: What's it? And learn more about bullet? Get help, go to our care, get bullet, find it, and ask for help. Tdy left parenthes 8, 5, 5. Bullet called List 3. I. It would learn more about the end of your. You'll also need end of lit bullet data per bullet social list. You'll need this and gather your in 2. Find out if check our eligibility, check your eligible one
P27: list, 3 items. Follow these steps to get started. Start your application link. So if I if I actually went through all the links because I you know time, constraints.
P27: I would look at those and all that would be good. Then it would go here.
P27: and
P27: me.
Moderator: Just a reminder that this is a testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of this information going anywhere. You can feel free to use real fake information. Whatever is easier for you.
Moderator: I can give you a fake social security number when we get there.
P27: Okay. Me
P27: end of breadcrumb main.
P27: Apply for the program of comp application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Va. Form 10 negative, 10 cg.
P27: 4 items.
P27: Veteran's personal information through
P27: veterans, personal information
P27: veterans. 1st name star required. Enter the veteran's legal name. That's documented with the social table not found. Okay, now, here's the thing right here for you to be aware.
P27: Okay, listen real carefully. I'm hitting the shift
P27: table. Not found.
P27: T for table not found. Okay.
P27: that's because I have quick nav on.
P27: Okay, if I turn quick. Nav off quick. Nav off.
P27: Now, I can type
P27: veterans. 1st name star required. Enter the veteran's legal name that's documented with the Social Security Administration.
P27: Veteran's 1st name. Veteran's 1st name star required star required
P27: veteran's 1st name.
P27: Veterans 1st star required. Enter the veterans. Legal name that's documented with the enter the veterans. Legal name that's Quick Nav and I typed in Tracy. I don't know if it came out. I I can't tell. So now I have to zoom in super tight.
P27: and it did not come in there
P27: quick, Navon!
P27: Sure! Quick! Nav off.
P27: Click, now off, and I'll try this again.
P27: Okay, so it didn't go there.
P27: And
P27: T.
P27: Tracy, there we go. So it's doing a Autofill legal name that's documented with the subgroup, Tracy Tracy Wick Nabon. 806, 9, 8, 2, 4, 1, 1. And there we go. Yeah.
P27: So again, this is a, this is an issue that's not a your issue. But if you have any input at all with the
P27: folks at
P27: Apple.
P27: this is a problem, and that's hitting Tab to get there. So let me go back up here to
P27: Tracy. Veterans, veterans, middle name. Okay, there we go there, press the up or down Arrow key, then press the return key to at Tracy, Ralph Farrow, home, fill birthday, Tracy, Ralph Farrow, home fill birthday completion selected, and I don't know what that put in the air.
P27: So that did that
P27: Tab veterans last name star required veterans, personal and Tracy Ralph Farrow, home, Filbert, select veteran suffix veterans, personal information. Select month veteran's date of birth star required 806, 9, 8 to apply for the program of comprehensive. So when you start trying to navigate through there. It kind of gets a bit wonky. Personal information.
P27: Select month menu, check mark, hyphen, select hyphen.
P27: Okay.
P27: quick. Nav off quick. Navon. January, February.
P27: So it's not March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October.
P27: Apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for day veteran's date of birth star required, for example, January year. Veteran's date of birth star required, for example, female. What's the veteran sex live?
P27: Okay? That was male. What's the veteran sex listed at birth? Selected
P27: mail
P27: back. Main. Continue.
P27: Okay.
P27: Veterans, personal information. No, something didn't happen correctly there.
P27: And this is where it really gets to be a pain in the ass.
P27: Hello, great one! You are looking good today. Safari, caregiver application for benefits, vertical line veterans, affairs. Window has keyboard focus.
P27: and that was just simply zooming in, and I still have not figured veterans. Middle name, veteran's personal information, legal name that's documented with the Social Security Administration veteran's middle name, veteran's personal information
P27: to veterans. Last name star required select veteran suffix veterans. October month 1515. So apparently Autofill won't work there.
P27: Well, veterans, personal information for the.
Moderator: Which one.
P27: For the names, because I did that with auto fail.
P27: And
P27: it filled it in here, but it wouldn't. It wouldn't accept it.
Moderator: Okay, that's really helpful.
P27: Yeah, cause a lot of this. If I can do it with Autofill, it's just easier.
Moderator: Yeah, so.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: Do you have to type it in.
P27: I just typed it in now. So let's see what happens now, because I did type it in now.
P27: and I'll just tab down to that mail. What's the fact name? Continue.
P27: Continue. Take. Okay. So took at that time.
P27: So yeah, in the in the other screen. When I did the auto fill.
P27: It wouldn't let me do Autofill on a birthday.
P27: So I had to go in there and and navigate down to it.
P27: Are you a Mac user.
Moderator: Yes.
P27: Okay. So you know how, when you initially get there, if you hit like, oh, it would come up and go to October.
P27: It wasn't doing that, so I had to navigate down to October and select it.
P27: So the birth date and the gender I selected manually like that.
P27: But the name first, st middle, and last I did on the Autofill, and it didn't take it on the Autofill.
Moderator: Got it. Thank you. That's really helpful.
P27: Yeah. Yeah. And
P27: you know, on the auto fill, I don't know why I didn't take it on there, because I got it set up to do that.
P27: Let's see what we got here need help. If you have trouble, use 800 left parenthesis, Tdy, full stop. You can call the Va. Character 855 left parenthesis. Tdy left 8 full stop. Tdy left parent 800. If you have trouble, need help, continue back. End up.
P27: So this one here see how, when I went to it, I I
P27: went right arrow, trying to get to the block I needed.
P27: and it brought me to the very bottom, so I don't know how to make it go to top. I don't begin it. I don't know if that's a function of setting up the
P27: web page, or if it's a function of Sequoia.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: Okay. So you said, you want me to use a certain social.
Moderator: Yeah, I'll give you a number.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: Do a fake one. That's the right amount of characters. So you can do 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P27: 121,
P27: 321,000,400 back main. Continue.
P27: Okay.
P27: continue.
P27: So I'm gonna try to tab now, veteran street address star required. Enter the address where the veteran lives. This address can't be a Po. Box. Veterans. Home address. Any updates the veteran makes here to their address will only apply to this application. Veterans, home Address. Any updates the veteran makes here to their address will only apply to this application proof
P27: to open the Autofill menu, press the up or down arrow key, then press the return key to enter it into the form. So I'm going to try the Autofill. Here again. Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: Crazy. Ralph Farrell. Home Bill. Address
P27: 7,795
P27: to open the room.
P27: The street address.
P27: street address line 2 City Star required. Didn't get the city okay. Unselected city Star required veteran Biloxi Home, Biloxi, Mississippi State Star required so that one worked out. But it didn't highlight it. Yellow postal code Star required veterans. Home at 39,000 39,532 home completion selected. I'm zooming this in hoping you can see it. This information.
P27: yeah. County star required. Provide the local county for the Us. 7,007 7,000 deluxe, other 7,795. No row selected
P27: to open the Autofill menu. Press the up or down arrow key, then press the return key to enter it back. Main, continue.
P27: So now I'm gonna hit. Continue with the up and down arrows to see what happens.
P27: Veterans, home address, any update. And it didn't take it. So the Autofill isn't working program of comprehensive. Enter the veteran street address.
P27: see it! It cleared it out, and I did it on the Autofill. Remember.
Moderator: Yep, I saw it.
P27: Yeah, so it's not taking the Autofill star required. Enter the address where the veteran lies 7,790 crossing.
P27: thanks
P27: to open the 7,700 City Star required veteran's home address. Any update now, B,
P27: Mississippi State, Mississippi State that stayed and see that one didn't highlight yellow that one on the Autofill. It just came up automatically on Mississippi.
Moderator: Hmm.
P27: Postal code required. So yeah, it's whenever it's doing the Autofill. It's not Harrison contact main continue. So I'll hit, continue and see what we get here, the veteran makes here to their address will only apply to the.
P27: So it appears to have taken that. So
P27: now I'm going to hit Tab veterans. Primary phone number star required enter a 10 digit phone number veteran contact information. We'll use the veterans primary phone number to contact about this application. 2,282,295,046. Okay, so that was manually typed in there.
P27: 2 billion 282,000,000,200 veterans. Email address, vet, veterans, email, address back, main, take text field, not found
P27: table not found, see? And that's back. Now I have quick nav on. So I gotta turn quick. Nav off to be able to type quick, nav off.
P27: Continue.
P27: Okay. So that's only gonna continue. So let's see what happened there.
P27: I don't know why it didn't go to
P27: 806, 9, 8 to continue back button.
P27: Continue. Let's
P27: see how that works. If you have trouble using this online application call, or my, the 411. Okay, so now I got to turn quick. Nav back on for 7.
P27: Okay, something's not working. 800, Tdy. 7, 1, 800. Continue.
P27: No.
Moderator: Trying to do there.
Moderator: What were you trying to do there?
Moderator: Just continue.
P27: Okay. So with quick nav. When you have quick nav on
P27: you can hit the up and down arrows at the same time to select.
P27: It'll select what's in the focus box. Okay.
P27: even though the blue highlight that would typically be return.
P27: So wherever you are on the screen. If you hit return, it's gonna hit that highlighted continue box
P27: if you hit the up and down arrow where the focus box is
P27: and or you can hit voiceover
P27: spacebar
P27: to select where the focus box is. So if the focus box is on on the on the male female gender select and you want to select that
P27: you can either voice over space bar, or up and down arrow if quick nav is on.
P27: But when quick nav is on. You can't type in the fields.
P27: Okay.
P27: that's the problem I've been having with Apple, with Sequoia and Sonoma.
P27: That I was telling about earlier. So that's again. I don't think that's anything you can fix on your end, because this is A, this is a OS issue
P27: versus a app issue. So
P27: that's unfortunately, if it doesn't work and somebody tries doing it that way, you may get the call.
P27: you know, saying it's not working, it's not working, and it's truly, not your your
P27: fault if you will, your your issue, your concern. It's not anything you can do. It's actually an OS, because it's gonna happen anywhere. They go.
P27: Okay, now the auto fill. That is an app function cause. I know Autofill still working on other stuff because I've used it.
P27: So why, it's not grabbing and accepting the Autofill. I don't know.
Moderator: Yeah, we've been seeing some issues with that. So it
Moderator: it's even worse. Obviously, if you're on a screen, reader. So.
P27: Yeah.
Moderator: That was helpful. Appreciate it.
P27: Yeah, I.
Moderator: Do that.
P27: Yeah, I I got enough vision. You could see me zooming it in super hard, huge to see that there's something I still can't read what's there? I could just see there's something there so.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: Okay. So now we're to the next page. We'll start with Tab and see what it does. City, state or postal code search. Okay.
P27: apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Link list, 4 items, city, state or postal code. Search.
P27: Search back. Main. Okay? What is it asking for Search City. Apply for the program. Health and disability benefits for family and caregivers. Link apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers, link, city state or postal code search. So I'm tabbing, but it's asking it wants a city of something, but I don't know what.
Moderator: Yeah, it's interesting. It like, skipped over the question.
P27: Yeah, let me go back up. I'm going to go back up. Okay. So there I am. There. I'm going to try quick, Navna, so there's quick nav on. I'm going to arrow right end of list.
P27: end of breadcrumb. The main
P27: apply for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers.
P27: Application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Va, 4 items.
P27: What Va. Medical Center or clinic does the veteran get or plan to get their health care. So using Quicknav to get there.
P27: I can get there
P27: using Tab to get there. I couldn't get there.
Moderator: Yeah, that's interesting.
P27: Yeah. And again, that's the one that's the kind of thing there. I don't know if that's a app issue or an OS issue.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: If you were navigating a format.
Moderator: would you likely, if you were navigating this form, would you likely be doing the tabbing or using the quick nav and the arrow.
P27: I personally like using quick nav.
Moderator: But.
P27: because that's just the way I was trained initially, and I use it. And it's just quicker and easier for me.
P27: Because let me try this real quick. Do do you know quick Nav, do you know what that is?
Moderator: No.
P27: Okay, okay. So I'm gonna turn. Let me make sure it's on. I think it is okay. So quick. Nav off and on.
P27: What I'm going to do is I'm going to hit the arrow up and to the right, and it's going to go into the rotor. Okay, visually. You never use a rotor in in your
P27: in what you do. But I want you to think of it like this. It's a big round wheel, okay?
P27: And on that wheel you have different sectors, and each one of those will have a
P27: wheel of fortune wheel. Okay? So, for example, it'll say you bring it around to
P27: typing style.
P27: touch, typing, regular typing, whatever. So you'd rotate with 2 fingers on the on the screen, on the phone or up into the right or
P27: up and to the left.
P27: on a, on the keyboard. It would rotate around to typing style, and then on the phone you would single finger flick up or down.
P27: or on the keyboard, you would arrow up or down to go through the different styles, so you'd have typing style. You'd have
P27: headings. You'd have links. So if you went to Links, you know you would go there, and
P27: you you'd move down, up and down the link. So I'm
P27: I'm going to try to hit up and to the right
P27: headings. Okay, see that how it said headings.
P27: I'm gonna try to hit it again. Form control. Okay, there we go. Text fields.
P27: lists.
P27: buttons.
P27: lines.
P27: landmarks.
P27: navigation characters, words, window spots, misspelled links.
P27: So I'm going to hear the links.
P27: And I'm just going to arrow down now
P27: to see. Actually, that's 1st time that's worked here since since I've tried it with Sequoia. So they got that part fixed
P27: because it was only on Sonoma.
P27: You had to every time you went to a different setting and turned quick nav off and turn it back on.
P27: So they got that part fixed with the Sequoia update. So I'm going to hit the arrow down. 806, 9, 8. So there's the 1st link. It goes to
P27: Tdy. 7, 1, 1. There's the next link 8, 5, 5, 2, 6, 0, Tdy. 7, 1, 1. That's how it's going through links. So let me go to these would be form controls. I think headings
P27: form controls.
P27: veterans, crisis line, give feedback.
P27: continue back search.
P27: city, state or postal code. So there's the form control. So you see how I'm
P27: and I'm at the end one. That's the let. That's at the very top. So it
P27: and now it's not working
P27: quick. Nav off quick. Nav on text fields.
P27: form controls, search, city, state or postal code.
P27: So now I'm there. I gotta stop there. It won't let me go any further until I turn.
P27: I'd probably go Arrow right
P27: to get there. But now I'm there in the form of control for the search for the city.
P27: Okay.
P27: so does that make sense how that worked.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: Okay. So now I will to to, because that's a picker item
P27: I'm gonna up and down with quick nav on
P27: and see if it will give me the pull down.
P27: And it did not.
P27: Okay.
P27: So
P27: that was voice over space bar. So let me type in Biloxi
P27: Reluxe.
P27: Okay? And then I'm gonna arrow to the right and see if it goes to the. So I can't search with quick nav going to the right. I'm gonna tab.
P27: There's search. So now, because I have quick nav
P27: on
P27: by hitting the up and down arrows, it should select that button.
P27: Okay, I'm gonna try it now loading available facilities. Very good. 5 of 5 facilities for Deluxe approved.
P27: So it says, it's loading 105 0 5. So now I'm going to arrow down space crew, Gulf Coast, West Va. Mobile medical unit, clinic, Gulf Coast, West Va. Mobile Medic, Biloxi, Va. Medical Center, 400 veterans, Avenue, Biloxi, Ms. 395-31-2410. So now that's at the bottom of the screen screen. There, I'm going to hit the up and down Arrow, because I think every time I zoom in and out it also changes the quick path
P27: activity which I gotta deal with apple on. But I'm gonna hit the up and down arrow and see what it does
P27: is, does that have a radio button.
Moderator: Do you think it does?
P27: I I don't know. I truly cause I
P27: I I don't know. Let me hit the up and down arrow.
P27: Okay, so it does have a radio button, because I saw
P27: shading come up.
P27: Okay. So I know it's on the bottom of screen. There's that list. And I I got just enough vision that it did that. So I selected that.
P27: Now I'm gonna hit. Return to see if it grabs that.
P27: Okay, that didn't
P27: reluxe va medical mobile Va clinic mobile, Va. Clinic slide. L. Va. Clinic slide up Bogalusa, Va. Clinical end up space crew. Load more facilities. Okay?
P27: No. We use the location of the veterans health care facility to find the nearest facility that processes applications back.
P27: Continue. Okay? So I got that one selected. I'm gonna hit. Continue.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: I'm again. I'm gonna hit the up and down arrow
P27: me.
P27: Okay? And that brought me to the next screen. I think.
P27: Learn more.
Moderator: Stuff.
P27: Huh!
Moderator: I have a couple of questions about that facility search step that you just went through.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: What were your thoughts about it?
P27: It was good. It it explained it
P27: concisely and correctly, although.
P27: they weren't all part of the Gulf Coast veterans, healthcare system
P27: but it was good because it gave the
P27: regional area the the
P27: Oh
P27: geographic, which is good, because.
P27: for example,
P27: in Diamond Hand, Diamond head
P27: folks that live in Diamond Head.
P27: maybe part of the New Orleans
P27: healthcare system
P27: and go to Sidedale Clinic.
P27: Okay? So it gave them that. Why, they would have select Biloxi. I don't know but they might come over here and have that there. So it gives that good variety.
P27: again. I'm a poor example, poor person to ask on this, because I'm retired military.
P27: So my health care. I get through keys. But primarily.
P27: But if a person is not primarily.
P27: you know if they're not retired military, they may go to one healthcare system for one type of service and a another healthcare system for a different type of service.
P27: Cancer treatment, for example, because I don't think we have oncology here. But I'm pretty sure New Orleans does have oncology, I think.
P27: But that would be a good example of. You know they may get all their primary care through
P27: Gulf Coast, but oncology services through Slidell, which is part of the Nola system. So
P27: I think that's actually a really good
P27: having it that way.
P27: you know, it's not just limiting you to
P27: the actually, I could tell you right now. Honestly, now, I think about it, because the Gulf Coast veterans healthcare system actually starts at the Louisiana State line goes
P27: all the way over to Eastern time zone change by Panama City, Florida.
P27: Okay?
P27: So it didn't list Fort Walton Beach, or
P27: or Panama City, or whatever. But it did go into slide. L, which is the other healthcare system. So again, the geographic location, I think, is better than the specific healthcare system and what they control
P27: another one. So I think that's really good like that.
Moderator: Okay. And why did you choose the facility that you did.
P27: Because that's the one I use.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: I think.
Moderator: Yeah, if you were gonna rate, that process of selecting a facility, one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best.
Moderator: how would you rate that process.
P27: I would say 5
P27: lovely.
Moderator: On this page. What does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P27: Primary caregiver is
P27: Dr. Rodriguez. She's a she's a rock star. She's my primary care gold team.
P27: you know. Where do I get my primary medical care services the 1st belly button.
P27: I mean, that's what primary care is to me.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: so let's go through as though you are adding a primary caregiver to this application.
P27: Okay.
P27: yes. Would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver Star required? Would you like to apply for benefits for a. Oh, okay, I'm sorry Star required. My brain is in a Va modal there.
P27: Primary caregiver. Yeah. Would be my wife. I see where. Like. Sorry about that. I got tangled up.
Moderator: Yeah, that's okay. That's actually helpful. I didn't think of that, you know.
P27: Yeah.
Moderator: Same word that you would use.
P27: Yeah. Yeah.
P27: Back main.
P27: So no. Would you like to apply for benefit? No.
P27: Learn more about who qualt. Yes. Would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver. Starry selected.
P27: Okay? So that told me it was selected. So yes, back main continue.
P27: And I'm gonna hit. Continue, because I think that's the only thing this page is asking.
P27: Okay, now, we're on to primary family. Caregiver's 1st name. Star required. Enter the primary caregiver's legal name that's documented with the Social Security primary family caregiver's middle name, primary family caregiver information A. BJ.
P27: To open the auto primary family caregiver's last name star required select primary family caregiver, suffix, primary family, select, mon primary family. Caregiver's date of birth. Star required, for example, January 19, th 2,000 primary family caregiver's date of birth star required, for example, January 19, th 2,000 brew.
P27: Okay. Private content information. Oh, veteran program. What do we do there now?
P27: That is now, because I have quick nav on, I would guess.
P27: And I started typing January, JAN,
P27: and I think you're asking. I think this is gonna be pull down menus here, I think.
P27: simply because the last one was a pull down menu.
P27: Quick! Nav off. So if I turn quick, nav off.
P27: and I
P27: trying to get back to where I was.
P27: Nope, hold on show sidebar
P27: show document shit error. Manage looking for gap.
P27: host, attendee, veterans, portrait project, link, content information. Okay.
P27: Oh.
P27: link, CE. Quick nav on
P27: navigation characters, word wind misspelled links, headings
P27: form controls, veterans, crisis will give feedback.
P27: Continue back. Select what is the mail?
P27: Male female female? What's the primary family year year year
P27: to open the Autofill menu. Press the up or down arrow key, then press year, day, primary day, select month, primary select month.
P27: Okay? So now I'm back on this one here.
P27: So what this is saying up top there, and what I'm hearing and cause it's saying, submit it
P27: like January 19, th 2,000.
P27: It's not. It's pull down menus I gotta select it. So
P27: menu. Okay? So there was the up and down arrow to select it
P27: October and see that time. Now.
P27: I just typed O, when it came up to October. Okay.
P27: so there's January. And this is what part of the issue I was telling you about with the quick nav
P27: depending on. If I zoom in or out it, it's gonna make it do different things like it's resetting. And that's an OS issue. That's not a website issue.
P27: so if I hit that.
P27: oh, check mark, hyphen, select hyphen. January. Okay, January. Come on
P27: day primary family caregiver's date of birth star required for year. Primary family caregiver's date of birth. Female. What's the primary family caregiver sex list? Selected?
P27: Okay. Select? What is the primary family care relationship. This is this is a good example of when quick nav wants to work correctly. How easy it is for me to use it.
P27: because I can blast through there just using the arrows.
P27: Okay. End of primary. Select. What is the primary family caregiver's relationship to the veteran star required? What is the end of primary Kathy primary Kathy
P27: group, primer, catty primer, A. Y catty, catty YH. Katty
P27: to open the auto K
P27: with navath.
P27: quick nav on text fields, lists, button lines.
P27: landmarks, navigation characters, words, windows, spot misspelled links.
P27: headings, form controls, button back.
P27: end up primary family caregiver information group
P27: quitnavov quitnavon
P27: select. What is the end of what's the primary family caregiver? Sex listed at birth? Select? What is the primary family caregiver's relationship to the veteran star required? What is the primary family caregiver's relationship to the veteran menu? Check mark, hyphen, select hyphen
P27: spouse, father. Okay, spouse. So to get into this one.
P27: And I think this is the might be an app issue. To get into this one.
P27: I actually had to go to voice over spacebar to activate this pull down list.
P27: Okay?
P27: And I hit. Enter. What is the primary family caregivers. Related veterans. Male has new window spouse. What is the primary end of primary family caregiver information back.
P27: Continue. Okay, continue.
P27: That was up and down.
P27: Need help
P27: continues.
P27: yeah, that's
P27: quick navath
P27: back main
P27: social security. Apply for the program of comprehensive health and disability apply for the pro social security number or tax identification number, primary family caregivers, identification information. We recommend providing, okay, so 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 123,423,000,400.
Moderator: I have to change at least one number in there. It won't.
Moderator: You'll have to change at least one number in there. It doesn't take like a sequential.
P27: Okay, that's fine.
P27: 1,000,200 back main.
P27: Continue back.
P27: Continue
P27: quick. Nav on
P27: primary family caregivers, identification information. We recommend providing the care. But please enter a valid 9. Digit proof. Okay, so that didn't work good 1, 3, 4, 5, 6,
P27: 9, 6, 1,234,591 billion 201 billion
P27: born.
P27: Okay? So now it should work. Yeah, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
P27: Okay, let's see if that works now
P27: apply for the program of Comp. Continue application for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. Va. Form 10 negative, 10 cg.
P27: Use the same address as the veteran, uncheck primary family caregivers. This is the veteran's home address. Quick! Nav off
P27: quick! Nabon. Primary family caregiver Street address, star required. Enter the address where the caregiver lies. This address can't be appealed. Use the same address as the veteran uncheck primary check. Okay, now, check 7,700 Street address like Biloxi, Mississippi, 39,000. Why we ask for this information, Harrison. So yes. Is the primary family caregiver's mailing address the same as their home address. Star required is the primary family care back main? No. Is the primary Harrison content? Yes. Is the primary selected?
P27: Yeah. And you see how that went from No up to the next one and skip the Yes until it went back down.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: That's 1 of the things I've that's a OS issue
P27: that on a tab or shift tab, it will skip one
P27: that's not just on this app, that's on several different apps. So that is an OS issue.
P27: So that that is a again, not not a problem with your programming. It's theirs.
Moderator: And if you were filling this form out for real, would you want your caregiver to be here with you, filling this out.
P27: Definitely.
Moderator: Okay, would you have.
Moderator: Would you have her fill it out.
P27: Boy, that's a real tough one to ask.
P27: Because
P27: I can't use the computer
P27: without voice over.
P27: And
P27: Voicel drives her crazy. So I got to turn it off.
P27: and then, if she doesn't understand what's being asked.
P27: she'll ask me to, well, what does this mean? It's like, well, I don't know, because I don't know what it says. So that's a real tough one.
P27: okay.
P27: yeah. I, you know. And that's that's gonna honestly, that's really gonna be a tough answer for anybody to ask, because that's gonna be just the intra personal dynamics of a situation. Now I do know that if I'm working with a veteran and filling this form out
P27: 99 times out of a hundred.
P27: the veteran won't have all the information needed.
P27: They may.
P27: But typically they'll be missing something.
P27: And whether that's because of of cognitive issues, because of
P27: anxieties because of nervous. Who knows? Okay? So in those cases, I typically would have the spouse on the phone
P27: and going through with the spouse and the veteran at the same time.
P27: Just so. There's clarity and
P27: and full understanding between the 2, and I've truly
P27: have only ever had one veteran
P27: absolutely, positively did not want the spouse to have
P27: any information at all period, Dot.
P27: And
P27: sadly, we couldn't even help him, because it was information we needed from the spouse. He didn't have it, and we couldn't. You know we were at the wall.
P27: And so if I don't get this information from her.
P27: there's nothing I can do to help you, and he was not willing to get her involved, because
P27: whatever reasons. So for the most part, though, I would say, Yeah, the spouses and everything would be helping to fill these things out.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: You can keep going.
P27: Okay, primary family caregivers, primary phone number star required. Enter a 10 digit phone number, primary family caregivers, contact information. We'll use the primary family caregiver's primary phone number to count 2,282,295,044 primary primary family caregivers, email, address primary family caregivers. Contact information. We'll use the primary family misspelled ago. 6 app.
P27: To open the Autofill menu, Miss Bell Bell South net
P27: the Autofill
P27: Augo. 6. 2 at continue.
P27: learn more about who qualifies as a secondary family caregiver? Yes. Would you like to apply for benefits for a secondary family? Caregiver star required? Would you like to apply for benefits for a secondary family. Caregiver Star required group Back Main.
P27: No. Would you like to apply for benefit? Learn more about who qualified, apply for the program. Learn more about yes. Would you like to apply for benefits.
Moderator: We'll have a question first.st What does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P27: an alternate
P27: knowing what it is. This is one I would have to explain to people it's got to be. I I couldn't use my son living in Germany
P27: because he's not here providing care.
P27: I could use
P27: my neighbor, who lives right next door and helps make sure that I don't
P27: do something stupid.
P27: so it's gotta be somebody there with you. That
P27: is a caregiver.
P27: you know, not just a family member.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha.
Moderator: how do you think that that secondary caregiver role differs in the application process and the benefits from the primary caregiver.
P27: they would be only
P27: if my primary was gone for a month or so. My understanding of how this works
P27: is that, you know, if my primary was gone for a month on vacation, going somewhere, doing something like that, and they came in, it would transfer the the
P27: benefits to that person when
P27: when
P27: requested, I guess would be the right word.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. Just for the sake of time. Let's say no to this one.
P27: Okay.
P27: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. No.
Moderator: Agree with us.
P27: Huh!
Moderator: It doesn't agree with us. There.
P27: Yeah, I was. I was arrow arrowing up and down, trying to click. Would you like to apply for back? Continue
P27: page menu, reader available.
P27: See now, it said, reader, available, did you hear that.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: So that's going to be the reader that always has in their things. I don't know why it's popping up now
P27: and not before. But okay.
P27: so I'm gonna arrow right arrow and see what it does need help.
P27: Continue back end of next steps to review and sign your application proof
P27: back, end up, end up. Select who I'm a representative with. I'm a representative. I'm the veteran, and I'm the no. We look at a representative first.st Now we'll guide you through next steps to review and sign your next steps to review next steps to review. Now we'll guide you through the steps to review and sign this application.
P27: First, st we need to know if the veteran will sign this application, or if the representative will sign for them.
P27: a representative must have legal authority to make decisions on behalf of the veteran, or they must have authority to fill out or sign applications on behalf of the veteran.
P27: If you select that you're the veteran's representative. We'll ask you to upload a document that proves you have this authority.
P27: Learn more about the types of documents we can and can't accept.
P27: No, we use this signature only to process your application. Signing for the veteran today doesn't take away their right to make decisions for their care.
P27: Select who will sign for the veteran today. Crew
P27: select who will sign for the veteran. Today
P27: I'm the veteran and signing for myself.
P27: I'm the veteran and signing. For myself.
P27: I'm a representative with legal authority, signing on behalf of the veteran.
P27: I'm a representative would end up select who assigned no, we use learn more about the types of documents we can. And if you select that you're the veterans representative, learn more about the types of documents we can and can't accept.
P27: No, we use this signature to learn more about.
P27: We can only accept a document that proves you have legal authority to make decisions for the veteran, or we'll accept a document that proves you have authority to fill out or sign applications on behalf of the veteran.
P27: You can submit one of these types of documents.
P27: List 6 items.
P27: black square, a valid power of attorney, or one of Black square, a legal guardianship order, or black square. Another type of legal document that your State considers proof of this authority, or black square alternate signer certification, va. Form 21 0 9, 7, 2 or 4 of black square appointment of veteran service organization as claimants. Representative Va. Form 2122, or 5 of 6. Black, square appointment of individual as claimants. Representative Va. Form 21 negative, 22, a 6 end of list.
P27: We can't accept a marriage certificate driver's license or release of information form uploading a document that we can't accept may delay the application process.
P27: No, we use this signature only to process your application. Signing for the veteran today doesn't take away their right to make decisions for their care. Select who will sign for the veteran today. So that's really good that you have that there.
P27: that may give us a little bit of a leg up in dealing with the folks that
P27: consistently tell us no.
P27: that make sense.
Moderator: Yeah. Are you talking about that dropdown that you read.
P27: Yeah, yeah, because it. This is the Va, this is the Va generated
P27: stuff to do this.
P27: So when the Va says we don't accept that it's like, well, wait a minute.
P27: Here it is, you know. Quit.
P27: you know one of us doesn't know what's going on, and I sincerely believe it's the people that won't accept that, you know.
P27: Because again, like, I say, I've I've had it where they've said. You know, it's gotta be a lawyer signed power of attorney. Blah blah, not a Vso. And that's not what this says, and that's and this is, I believe, correct. You got it right. Okay.
P27: I don't believe that they do.
P27: And I base that only on the fact that I got a Federal judge who's also a Vso. With the Bva.
P27: And even, he says, Yeah, that's not right. So
P27: okay, yeah.
P27: select. Who will sign for the veteran today I'm the veteran and signing for myself. So which one you want me to go with.
Moderator: Well, do you have someone who's a legal representative for you?
P27: Yeah, actually, I got a Bva, the Bba has my
P27: has it been a power of attorney for me?
Moderator: Okay. Well, if you were filling it this out for real, what would you select here?
P27: I would select that because I'd be helping veterans typically do this.
P27: So.
Moderator: Filling it out for yourself, though.
P27: My name's
Moderator: Let's say you are filling it out for yourself.
P27: For me.
P27: Yeah.
Moderator: For if you were applying to have a primary caregiver
Moderator: like we've gone through this form. Which of these would you select?
P27: If I was doing it for me, I would select for me.
P27: But again, that's not something I would recommend. Honestly, I I would, just because of what I do as a Vso. I would not recommend that they do this.
P27: I'd I'd have them get with the Vso. And have them do it
P27: just just because it's always
P27: it. It's just proven better in the veterans interests to have a somebody who's done a bunch of them do it versus them on their own.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: because as a Bso. If they start really driving a veteran crazy.
P27: that that's part of the problem is the Va, unfortunately.
P27: different locations interpret things differently. It it's and to me this is, this is leaves no ambiguity here. It's very clear.
P27: But people will, I guarantee it, interpret this thing the way they want.
P27: For whatever reason.
P27: okay, and it will frustrate veterans. And that's why I always say, don't don't let that happen.
P27: Do? Do you have a minute to listen to a real quick one?
P27: Do we have time.
Moderator: Sure!
P27: Okay. So what I presented to Congress the 1st time
P27: I had a veteran who
P27: had diabetic retinopathy and diabetic neuropathy, and they cut their foot.
P27: and when they were bathing their foot felt warm. So they took their temperature. They had a temperature
P27: set up with primary care, got in there to get an appointment done.
P27: The doctor told them point blank. If you'd come in here tomorrow we'd be chopping your foot off. Okay, because they were blind and neuropathy. They didn't even know they had a piece broken glass on the floor, or whatever cut them.
P27: and they got infected and nearly lost their foot.
P27: Oh.
P27: this program was denied to them
P27: because they didn't have somebody living with them.
P27: I said, Okay, so then why did you deny the man out in Denver
P27: who in Iraq
P27: is blind in one eye and the other eyeball is completely missing, and he's living with his wife and family.
P27: Okay, he said. He didn't need it because he was living with his wife and family.
P27: So you know, there's the 2 cases on the opposite ends of the spectrum.
P27: And when the Va provided records, it's like, Well, okay, in this case, we're going to apply this rule. And in this case we're going to apply this rule. It's like, No, you can't pick and choose which rule you got to apply them evenly. So that's where I'm going into this thing of not having an individual do it to themselves, because
P27: in the case of each individual
P27: they felt it was just their individual issue when they finally came to us and we presented it. That's when we could say, Okay, here's all these different things, because we have that
P27: vast array of of veterans and situations and and all these things. And that's where it really came up and really brought the focus on the blindness angle that your Adls.
P27: not addressing blindness. Okay? Because in the event, in the one where the veteran had the foot that was cut.
P27: their excuse was not only that
P27: they didn't have somebody living with them, but and this was in writing.
P27: You have gone through blind rehab, so you would not qualify for it, because you've gone through blind, rehab.
P27: blind rehab does not teach you to see, and it does not teach you to feel when you when you have no feeling. Okay. They couldn't feel their foot. They couldn't see their foot.
P27: Okay. But in writing, the reason for denial was, they had gone through blind rehab.
P27: Okay.
P27: that kind of gives you the understanding. Why, I always say, get with a vso. So
P27: in this case, working with a veteran. Any veteran, I would always say.
P27: have the Bva represent you and submit it.
P27: Okay?
P27: Because that's what we do. That's our purpose in life.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay? So.
P27: so okay. But which one do you want me to click here for? Now.
Moderator: Let's do. I'm the veteran signing for myself.
P27: Okay.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: Blue.
P27: Selected.
P27: I'm the veteran, and so I'm a representative. I'm a representative end of. So end up next steps to review and sign your application. We're back.
P27: Continue
P27: 4 items.
P27: Step 5 of 5, review application.
P27: expand all accordions.
P27: collapse, all accordions, veteran information, edit, veterans, personal info edit, veteran identification, information, edit veterans, home address, edit. Veteran compact, information, edit, facility, primary family caregiver, applicant information, edit. Apply for primary family caregiver, benefit, edit, primary, family caregiver, edit, primary family caregivers, identification, information, edit. Primary edit, primary family care, secondary family caregif, edit. Apply for application, signature.
P27: edit, application, signature, privacy, policy, link, veteran statement of true veteran statement of truth proved
P27: veteran's full name. Star required veteran's statement of truth.
P27: I certify the information above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief, star, privacy, policy, link, I certify. The information above is correct and true to veterans. Full name, star required veteran statehood, approved
P27: Tracy
P27: Ralph.
P27: I certify the info check.
P27: privacy, policy link, primary primary family caregiver. Applicant's full name, star required primary family caregiver, applicant statement of truth.
P27: Kathy
P27: team.
P27: I certify the information above is correct and true to the best of my knowledge and belief, star required check
P27: back may submit application. Okay, so that's pretty good. That's right. There right exactly how it needs to be in it.
P27: It it's letting, you know it's got to be checked.
P27: with the screen, reader, that's
P27: that's 1 of the greatest frustrations as a screen reader user that I have is a lot of times they'll want that. But it won't be identified
P27: that, you know, by saying, I certify, you know, that it's there.
P27: So that's very well done.
Moderator: Would you go through and review all of your entries? Or what would you naturally do on this page?
P27: Yes, if if
P27: well, if I was working with veteran most definitely, if it was just me, probably not because I would have put the information in for myself.
P27: so I probably would not have. But I like that. It's there
P27: because it does give you that opportunity to get in there and
P27: double check.
P27: because sometimes people
P27: kind of screw up and they gotta hit the back button can't hit the back button, you know.
P27: So this is, this is a perfect
P27: exactly like you've got it here.
Moderator: Okay. Could you show me how you would go about editing something? If you notice that you did make a mistake.
P27: Can.
P27: No, I certified Kathy. Bobby.
P27: Okay.
P27: okay, I'm just gonna cheat
P27: for time's sake. And say, primary family is the primary primary caregivers.
P27: 2, 2, 8, 2, 2, 9, primary family caregivers. Alternative phone number 3 of primary family caregiver. August 2. At Bell South end of Description list, secondary family caregiver applicant of August 6, 2. Primary primary, 2, 2. A to primary family caregivers. Primary phone number one of 6
P27: edit. Apply for secondary family
P27: edit, and then learn more about who qualifies as a secondary? No, there can only be 2 secondary fam. You can use this app secondary family caregiver, applicant information end of description list.
P27: secondary family. You can use this application to apply for benefits for a secondary. No, there can only be to learn more about. Who would you like to apply for benefits? Would you like to apply for description list, edit, primary, primary, family caregivers, contact information, edit, primary family caregivers, contact, information.
P27: description lists, 3 items.
P27: primary family caregiver's primary phone number one of 6,
P27: 22822950442 of 6.
P27: So
P27: I would just
P27: right. Band, a
P27: link skip to content an official website of the clock hyphen. Okay, I'm gonna go back down here. What's a description list?
P27: A veteran's home address.
P27: Okay, so it was in there, and I forget where it was at. I hit command a just to see what would happen.
Moderator: Hmm.
P27: Family caregiver, applicant information.
P27: apply for primary family caregiver benefit. Would you like to apply for benefits for a primary family caregiver? 4 items, veteran information's person. Edit. Veterans. 1st description list, sick veterans. 1st name, Tracy. Veterans, veterans. Date. October 15.th What may end of description. Item. Edit. Veteran identification. Information. Description list, one social security number 300 and edit veterans. Description list, veterans, street address.
P27: edit. Veteran, compact description, veterans, primary phone number, Va. Medical center or edit, the Veterans Bill and Primary family caregiver, applicant information apply for primary family caregiver benefits. Edit, apply description list. One item. Would you like to apply for benefit. Yeah. And primary family caregiver information
P27: edit, primary family caregiver, information
P27: description lists, 7 items, primary family caregiver's 1st name, faro.
P27: January 11.th What is the primary Family caregiver's relationship to the spouse end of Description. Primary Family Caregiver's Identification. Information edit. Primary description list, one item.
P27: social security number one end of District Primary family. Caregiver's home address. Yes, 2. Primary family caregivers. Street address, 3 of 6, 7,000 street city Biloxi State, Miss Postal Code 39, South County Harrison is the primary family caregiver's mailing address, the primary edit, primary family caregivers, contact information description list, 3 items, primary family caregivers, primary phone number one of 228-22-9504. Okay. So came back here. What I did. I had to get back to this point.
P27: Was I hit command a thinking I could just get in there and do it there.
P27: And it did the whole thing. So
P27: I'm gonna backspace and try to change the last 4.
P27: Okay, so backspace is not doing anything.
P27: Let me hit Delete.
P27: Delete's not doing anything.
P27: Quick. Navath.
P27: Quick. Nav on
P27: in tax (228) 229-5044.
P27: Okay? So
P27: okay, so
P27: left, parenthesis
P27: 228205, 5,044. Okay.
P27: I'm trying to
P27: 5,044,
P27: 5,044, 5,044.
P27: Okay.
P27: 5,044. Selected. Okay? So what I was trying to do there.
P27: this might
P27: using quicknav, I navigated to the phone number.
P27: And then I interacted with the phone number.
P27: And then I had to get to the end of it.
P27: 5 that, and then I I control shift
P27: left arrow which highlighted just the last 4. So now I can change that. No, I can't.
P27: I gotta turn quick! Nav! Off! Quick! Nav! Off!
P27: And now I got that
P27: quick nav on quick! Nav! Back on 229229, 5,044, so it did not change that.
P27: So if I go
P27: option, shift 5,044. Now it's highlighted.
P27: Let me hit Delete.
P27: and I can't. I can't tell what's happening.
P27: So right now, unless I zoom in Super huge. I got no idea what the hell's going on here. 5,044.
P27: I can't back.
P27: I backspace
P27: backspace isn't doing anything either.
P27: So it's not wanting to change it.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: I don't wanna make you suffer through it anymore. But there's an edit button that you have to hit in order to edit it. That's really helpful, though, to see how you would try to edit it, not being able to see that button.
P27: Okay, yeah, I thought I was, I thought I was in the edit panel. So, yeah, that's
P27: yeah, very.
P27: very difficult. Because you because, like. I say, I was getting there. I could hear I was getting there. I was highlighting it, but I couldn't do anything to it, so I can't tell if there's an edit button there.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much for trying.
Moderator: Yeah, I'm curious what your comfort level would be filling out and signing if your wife wasn't here, and you were signing for her.
P27: Signing for her.
Moderator: Yeah. How do you feel about that? Where you signed on on this page?
P27: I I would
P27: without her knowledge or with her knowledge.
Moderator: Oh, well, what would you? How how would you go about it?
P27: With her knowledge, I would have no problem at all without her knowledge. I wouldn't do it.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: Okay, it. It's just one of those things
P27: and I don't know whether you could put in an attestation that you have their knowledge and approval to sign, or I don't know how you would go about that. I don't know the correct legal process to do that.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: because, quite honestly, the way I see it. And I and I hate to say this.
P27: We've had veterans actually in the blind rehab center
P27: that the spouse was just waiting for them to come to the blind rehab center and then sent them divorce papers, you know. And so if you start doing things like this? It could get ugly in that respect.
P27: you know, again, I I don't know the best answer to that. That's.
P27: you know a legal question.
P27: Oh.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, that's helpful.
P27: Yeah. Cause.
P27: Oh, gosh! You know
P27: I don't know, you know, with the Va. You know
P27: the Va giveth and the Va. Take us away.
P27: They will give you.
P27: you know, a hundred dollars a month all the time, but if they screwed up by giving you that $100 a month for.
P27: you know, 10 years they're gonna want it all back
P27: that fast, even though it was their screw up. And that's the problem. So in a situation like this, if you're signing for somebody and saying they're here, and you and the Va. Starts providing it, and then they find out that they're not.
P27: You know? Do they go after the caregiver? Do they go after the veteran? Where does it go? You know
P27: and sadly, it's it's 1 of those things that people are gonna do that kind of stuff. And
P27: you know, honestly, that's why what we were talking about earlier. If I was doing this with a veteran as a Vso. I would not fill out a spouse's information
P27: unless I had the spouse
P27: on the phone, and and they were fully cognizant that I'm using their name and status, etc, etc. I just would not blindly give it to somebody, because
P27: we're putting our butts on the line
P27: by saying, Yeah, this is the case. You know what I'm saying.
Moderator: Gotcha. Okay.
P27: That make, and that's something we gotta do to to protect ourselves.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: thank you. So since this is a testing site, we won't be able to actually submit. But what would you expect to happen next. If you hit, submit application.
P27: If I hit submit application, I would expect a response email.
P27: saying that it has been submitted.
P27: and it's waiting the award, or whatever to be reviewed, or to be appointment to be set, or whatever whatever the next step in the in the issuance of the process would be, I would expect an email to go to the veteran
P27: and to the primary caregiver and secondary. So whoever's email is on there saying that this is actually taking place, they should receive an email
P27: stating that this has been submitted
P27: so that they know it's just as a double check, so that
P27: you know.
P27: the wife
P27: knows that her name, or the spouse, or the neighbor, or the son. Whoever knows that this has been submitted in their name.
P27: you know. Cause again. That's just a that's a checks and balances self protection thing for folks.
P27: If I put my neighbor's name in there and I don't tell my neighbor.
P27: you.
P27: Yeah, he's gonna get a check, and he's gonna be like, what the hell is this for? And etc, etc.
P27: You know it. It's just not cool, and he may not be. He may not be responsive to that.
P27: you know.
Moderator: Yeah.
P27: So. And and it's not.
P27: It's not
P27: so bad in that situation, because that, I think, is a little more questionable that way. But within the household.
P27: I think it would be.
P27: You know.
P27: my wife and I. We we have
P27: 100% financial control over everything. We share everything. I know a lot of couples that they don't. His money's his hers. Money is hers.
P27: This money is designed for her
P27: as a compensation for assisting the veteran.
P27: you know, or my neighbor with gas for hauling me around, or whatever. Okay, it's, you know, it's not for the veterans. So
P27: that that's why I say, if you just let the veteran know.
P27: you know, somewhere down the line somebody could say, well, you're getting this from them, and they're going. What the hell you talking about? So.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: okay.
Moderator: I'm gonna stop the screen sharing.
P27: This Zoom Meeting window. This meeting is being recorded.
Moderator: Okay, I just have a couple of final questions, and then we're all done.
P27: Shoot.
Moderator: So now that you've seen the form, what research do you think you would have wanted to do before filling it out?
Moderator: If any.
P27: None.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: None cause the form has exact. I'm not gonna run down rabbit holes trying to get something I don't need.
P27: That form is saying. This is what you will need to do this, and I think that's a good call.
Moderator: Okay.
P27: At least, I expect, because again, I didn't go to those links. But I I suspect the way the forms written. You've got everything you would need
P27: and like, I say, the good thing is
P27: with the power of attorneys, and the 2122. That's really good information. I I highly suspect that it's on all those different links as far as what would be needed. So
P27: my advice if somebody calls me up and says, hey? If I'm doing this, read through it. Go to all the links, get what you need. Don't worry about the stuff. You don't need.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha.
Moderator: what were your thoughts about the amount of information that was provided in the form? Did you think it was too much too little, or just enough.
P27: Perfect.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or a secondary caregiver that you would have liked to have in this form.
P27: No.
P27: no, I think that's
P27: But the only thing I would say that you might want to put in there is, and I suspect it's somewhere else.
P27: as far as who qualifies to be a primary caregivers, it's got to be somebody with the veteran. It can't be like. Say, it can't be my son in Germany, you know.
Moderator: Okay, gotcha
Moderator: alright, that's all the questions that I had for you. I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable? If we decided to use a recorded clip of this session removing any identifying information.
P27: That is 100% fine.
Moderator: Okay. Great.
Moderator: Alright. Well, that's it. I appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us today. This has been really, really helpful, and we will continue working on this form and making sure it's working as well as it can for veterans and caregivers.
P27: Yeah, this this is really, I gotta tell you this is one of the best ones out there
P27: that I've been with on this
P27: truly is, you guys really did a great job on this one.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Lastly, Perig, and that's the company that invited you to this session. They'll be sending you a thank you. Note with a blurb that you can pass along. If you know any other veterans or caregivers that would want to participate in studies like this.
P27: Yeah, I I actually send those out quite often.
Moderator: You probably told everybody you can't.
P27: Yeah, yeah, like, I say, this is, this has been so long needed.
P27: And you have cleared up. And really, I think you're this right here is going to be so much
P27: help and assistance
P27: with this program, because.
P27: again, like, I say, one of the biggest
P27: stumbling blocks that we've had roadblocks that we've had is the Va Vha
P27: not willing to speak to the Vba and Vsos, you know.
P27: and and you know, literally telling us that the power of attorneys, that that one line right there, that that is acceptable is going to be one of the biggest game changers for us, because we will now be able to go back and hammer the Vha and say, Here it is. If you don't like this.
P27: then you need to go to Vaco and and fix it. Okay? Because Vaco is saying, it's acceptable.
Moderator: Okay. Just so, you know, that is, live in the form. Now, that's not really like that's not something we were keeping, you know, to test, and not.
P27: Yeah.
Moderator: Actually, yeah, it is live.
P27: Yeah. And and like, I say, it's it's been a while, cause honestly with everything
P27: until
P27: until it's signed by the President.
P27: we we're still recommending. Folks don't even bother putting anything in, because the new rules for the blindness, although everybody agrees to when there's approved and and everything else until it gets that signature.
P27: It doesn't mean anything.
P27: you know. They're still sitting there saying.
P27: you know, you can dress yourself. Well, yeah, I can. I just can't, you know.
P27: dress myself correctly, or whatever you know.
Moderator: Absolutely.
P27: Totally. Understand?
P27: Yeah.
Moderator: Alright
Moderator: so much, Tracy, it was really great chatting with you.
P27: Me, too.
P27: Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. It's great.
P27: Keep up the good work. I'll let you know if I can get back in on, on these.
P27: certainly. Look forward to it.
Moderator: Great. I'm sure we're gonna we're gonna be needing you a lot.
P27: But you got my contact information. And and if you need my
P27: if you need to contact me on the whole issue with the Mac OS or the the you know the OS system there, because I don't know on the
P27: Ipad OS or Ios, but the Mac OS, the the troubles and trials that we had with the
P27: quick nav and and the situation. I mean, you saw what was going on there with those things as far as where it's navigating to but if you want to follow up on any of those.
P27: drop, drop me a line I can. I could work through it and test it out for you and everything like, say.
P27: just for your own situational awareness. I am working with
P27: Apple to get this thing fixed, but I've been working on it with Apple for
P27: probably 7 months now, trying to get this thing fixed.
P27: So
P27: you know, if you're struggling or you have those struggles on your end.
P27: Just be aware it may not be you. It may be Mac OS doing it.
P27: The app is working fine, so.
Moderator: Thank you. It was so helpful to see. And have you explain it all? Really appreciate it?
P27: Cool no sweat.
Moderator: See, have a great rest of your day.
P27: Thank you, you, too. Be safe. You, too. Bye, bye.